1.....Student Project Performance Management System for Effective Final Year and Dissertation Projects Supervision

this paper proposes features of a new integrated and collaborative online supervision system for final year and dissertation projects. The system is currently under development and it aims to ease the supervision process, federate the tasks of all involved actors and enhance the student learning experience. Collected feedback from students and academic staff shows that such a system can help to maintain an effective and efficient supervision relationship between all parties.
system includes the following elements.....

1.1 Project database
	This database contains all dissertation projects proposed by all teaching staff and students for a given department of discipline. Project proposals are uploaded to the system using an online form. The specification of each project includes an abstract, a list of keywords, a list of required resources (hardware and software), and preferable skills.

1.2 Supervisory Team Database
	This database contains the lists of tutors or supervisors. Supervisors are linked to the list of projects that they have suggested and they are classified according to their fields of expertise. These fields of expertise match the keywords used in the project database. Within our system, supervisors can be grouped into small groups with respect to the different categories used to classify projects.

1.3 Performance Management Plan
	Once a dissertation project is identified and the supervisory team is agreed and allocated, the student starts tackling their project. For this purpose, they
will need to agree a schedule and a work plan with their supervisor. Therefore, our system contains a performance management plan that allows defining milestones, tasks and goals and their corresponding timeline and expected deliverables.

1.4 Trainings and workshop database
	During a dissertation project, a student needs to consolidate and learn new skills. To address this issue, we added to our system a database for academic and professional workshops and trainings. As part of the performance management plan the student needs to agree with their supervisor which type of trainings or skills they require to attend to better achieve their project. This will be documented as a specific task within the performance management plan.Automatic notification will be sent to the workshop or training organiser. For example, a student may be advised to seek help from the student academic support adviser to enhance time management, academic writing and oral presentations skills. Other technical skills may be provided by external academic institutions or department.

1.5 Assessment Forms
	Depending on the assessment scheme and the nature of the dissertation project, our supervision system allows the supervisor and the examiners to complete and print electronic assessment forms. These forms can be accessed by the student at the end of the supervision process so that he will have a detailed feedback about his performance.

1.6 Communication interfaces
	The supervision system provides support for communication and group work. Example of features that are still under development include videoconferencing  apability, integrated chat and whiteboard; online discussion, file management system and mail system.

1.7 pros & cons
	The system needs to be fully implemented and then widely tested to confirm whether it helps to improve the quality of supervision and enhance student learning, feedback and assessment experiences. Future work will focus on these points and collect measurable evidences and metrics to evaluate the performance of this system.







2. Proposal Submission System - A Content Management System Approach for Proposal Submission 

		

		Figure 3 “Development Timeline”

2.1 TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGY FOR DEVELOPMENT

	Microsoft's .NET framework and Java's J2EE [4]. Among the choices, AMP package stands out as
a popular option of free open-source system available for development.

AMP package consist of Apache server, MySQL database with PHP, Perl or Python as server side
scripting language. Developer had chosen AMP for development of Proposal Submission System
due to his experience with development with AMP package with the ease of installation with
XAMPP. XAMPP is a full featured AMPP ( Apache, MySQL, PHP, Perl) package that is one of
the few non-commercial AMPP middleware stacks available cross platforms. It's packages
includes not only AMPP, but also database tools (phpMyAdmin, SQLite), PHP packages (PEAR)
and other development tools. With its features, it is possible for XAMPP to be use for personal
home page to production site for developments [5].

JavaScript mentioned to be the most popular scripting language on the internet in w3schools's
JavaScript section, which works with all major browsers includes Internet Explorer, Firefox,
Chrome, Opera and Safari [6]. AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) introduced the ability
to compose asynchronous background requests to the web, from the client machine. This allow
applications to provide rich client-side interfaces, and allows browsers to communicate with the
web without forcing page refreshes; both fundamental features of Rich Internet Application.

2.2 PROS & CONS 


3.Web-based Project Management System

the goal of work is to
create a groupware system available entirely through web
browser as a set of dynamic web pages. Web browser
applications have advantage in this kind of systems, because
client's operating system, hardware configuration, physical
location etc. is usually not an issue in such case.




4.PROGRESS MONITORING SYSTEM FOR
STUDENT FINAL YEAR PROJECTThe Progress Monitoring System for Student Final Year Project (PSM) is computer
software which helps student contacts of University Malaysia Pahang (UMP) under
Faculty System Computer and Software Engineering (FSKKP) gain better control of
their project planning and implementation through keeping student connected with
supervisor, regardless of where student are located. Supervisor in FSKKP can monitor
every detail, simply, and easily. However the system is about managing projects from
remote destinations. So that, this system helps student to complete projects, keep within
budget, stay on track, and collaborate with supervisor.

Therefore, the Progress Monitoring system for Student FYP allows its student to easily
update project problems as they arise. Those update project problem, actually they are
will get the feedback from supervisor. So, Supervisor will evaluate the progress and
assign marks to student based on rubric. This system also can helps student streamline
the project management process, helping to keep student on track and providing user
with reports and real-time data so that their project success is assured.
The software will be used to develop this system is Macromedia Dreamweaver. The
language used is PHP. For the database we will use MySQL, Apache and web server
XAMPP. 

In  this system,students can update their logbook at any time via a paperless,
environmentally-friendly method as well as submit their logbook and final report
through online. Supervisors can access the student's logbook at any time, therefore they
can evaluate and grade the student at their own page. Student can submit their report
and get feedback from their supervisor. Supervisor will assign marks to students on
their progress and performance during presentation. After that, student able to check
their result. The result will generate automatically.